---
layout: blank-page
title: "EECS448: Software Engineering I"
---

This course is an introduction to software engineering, and it covers
the systematic development of software products. It outlines the scope
of software engineering, including life-cycle models, software
process, teams, tools, testing, planning, and estimating. It
concentrates on requirements, analysis, design, implementation, and
maintenance of software products. The laboratory covers CASE tools,
configuration control tools, UML diagrams, integrated development
environments, and project specific components. 

Prerequisite: EECS 268 and upper-level EECS eligibility.

## Office Hours


Professor

## Office Hours

  * MTF, 1:00 - 1:50, on Zoom.
  * Zoom Etiquette
    * Zoom puts you into a lobby; I'll let you in as soon as 
      I've conmpleted the conversation with the student I'm with.
    * You must use your real name in Zoom.
  * Links
    * <https://kansas.zoom.us/j/5369931457>
    * Meeting ID: 536 993 1457
 

TA
  * Wednesday 1:30-3:30 Eaton 2029
  
This week (March 2 - 6):
The TA is available at office in below timings for this week.

* Tuesday : 1:30 PM - 3:30 PM
* Wednesday : 1:30 PM - 3:30 PM
* Thursday : 3:00 PM - 4:30 PM

# Email

  * Andrew Gill <andygill@ku.edu>
  * Sushmitha Reddy (TA) <s871b370@ku.edu>

## Submission Instructions

Email both the TA (Sushmitha Reddy) and professor by Thursday at noon.
Use

    Subject: Team <#>: 448 Project 1

Self evaluations and team evaluations due Friday at noon.
Use

    Subject: Team <#> 448 Project 1 - evaluations


## Links

 * <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1iTVzU3TfgGQSJmm6_NvKCc-85KJT9djG9qTf7XjbZec">Syllabus<a>
 * [Groups](/teaching/EECS_448_groups/)
 * [Project 1](/teaching/EECS_448_S20_Project1/)
 * [Software Development Life Cycle AGILE vs Traditional Approaches](/files/agile-traditional.pdf)
 * [Joel on Software](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/archives/)
 * [Docco Documentation Software](http://ashkenas.com/docco/)
 * Week 1 (Jan 22 - 24): 
   <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1moOiSS8bvhF_nGbQNclWvF-41Oj692chkWhah7GenfU">Wed</a>
 * Week 2 (Jan 27 - 31):
   [Mon](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1VNKS4ss71emeNWhDMRXwLQ7U9M0PWHQdgSrWdFlwgA0)
 * [Lab 1](/teaching/EECS_448_S20_Lab1)
 * [Lab 2](/teaching/EECS_448_S20_Lab2)
 * [Lab 3](/teaching/EECS_448_S20_Lab3)
 * [Project 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/172ntqPLYuCe4Mil9rJVQ-5w8_PgRGuUR0G0WcB2VENs)
 * [Project 3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xM_HU0JdP7BVIaf_etEG05PJUqMB7sSb0tJaeM0QmAE)

## Slides for classes during Online lectures

As discussed, I used Professor Alex Bardas' slides, from 2018, for the pdf parts of the 
online lectures, with live editing to avoid 2018 specifics. 
The 2018 slides are based on Professor Fengjun Li’s EECS 448 Fall 2015 slides,
which where in turn drawn from the class "textbook". 

I've given them here verbatim for use of EECS 448 only,
and there are references to projects that occured in 2018.
I've not attempted to reproduce the live ediiting I did during the lectures
(because I'd make mistakes doing so, and I do not want to obfuscate the lineage
of the slides).

  * [Arch Design](/files/EECS_448_arch_design.pdf)
  * [Design Eng](/files/EECS_448_design_engineering.pdf)
  * [Domain Models](/files/EECS_448_domain_models.pdf)
  * [Metrics for Quality](/files/EECS_448_metrics_quality.pdf)
  * [Pattern-based Design](/files/EECS_448_pattern_based_design.pdf)
  * [Behavior-based Modeling](/files/EECS_448_req_mod_beh_based.pdf)
  * [Class-based Modeling](/files/EECS_448_req_mod_class_based.pdf)
  * [Software Testing](/files/EECS_448_sw_testing.pdf)
  * [Testing Applications](/files/EECS_448_testing_app.pdf)
  * [UI Design](/files/EECS_448_ui_design.pdf)
  * [Web and Mobile Apps](/files/EECS_448_web_apps.pdf)

## Dates

 * Final due on Friday before 5pm
